Title: Banana Bread
Description: 
Source: 
Original URL: 
Yield: 
Cookbook: Breads
Section: Main
Image: 
Ingredients: 
	2 over ripe bananas
	2 cups of flour
	1 tsp baking soda
	1/2 tsp salt
	1 stick melted butter
	1 cup sugar
	2 lightly beaten eggs
	1/3 cup of water
	Sprinkles of cinnamon
	1 tsp vanilla
	Any oil spray
Instructions: 
	****Recommended Bowls: Use the different sizes of bowls
	1. Get out a medium bowl, put 2 cups of flour, 1 tsp baking soda, 1/2 tsp salt, take a whisk to mix all of them together, (mix them together very well) and set it aside.
	2. Grab the largest bowl u have, pour in 1 stick melted butter, 1 cup of sugar, and mix them well together. 
	3. Grab a small bowl, crack 2 eggs in it, then whisk them lightly together. 
	4. Pour the 2 lightly beaten eggs in the bowl with the butter and sugar, (the largest bowl mention in step 2) and mix it well. 
	5. Take out another medium bowl, peel 2 bananas into the bowl, then smash them together until it becomes smush and liquidity. 
	6. Pour mashed bananas into the largest bowl with the butter, sugar, and eggs. (which is the largest bowl in step 2) Mix them well together. 
	7. Turn on the oven to 325 degree. 
	8. Get the bowl that has flour, baking soda and salt,( which is the bowl in step 1) dump 1/2 of the flour into the largest bowl with the butter, sugar, eggs, and bananas (which is the bowl in step 2) and mix the flour with the other ingredients together very well.
	9. Add half of the 1/3 cup of water into the batter, mix it well. 
	10. Add the rest of the flour into the batter, mix it well together, and finally, pour in the rest of the water into the batter, and mix it together very well. 
	11. Add sprinkles of cinnamon, and 1 tsp vanilla into the batter, and mix it well. 
	12. Get a bread pan and coat the whole surface inside the pan with oil spray. 
	13. Pour the batter into the pan, and smooth out the top with a spatula.
	14. Put it into the oven on 325 degree for one hour and 10 minutes. More time might be needed but it’ll be done when the surface is brown
	15. Take it out of the oven and let it sit for 30 minutes, then take it out of the pan, cut into slices and enjoy 🙂